friends of youtube today I will teach you
a very fun game of cold that to me
I liked that it's for two players
well here we follow chris bosh page
zip
we give it in the first option
and here is the game called charles
factor that is here
this is the swat show in one that I do not
I liked it so much I liked it
ice creams I hope you like it
say that I liked it better
and we wait for the load to take 30
seconds
yes
In a short while longer
it appears to me 100% because I have already
played
good we are play
charles action 2
we must be
Oh
and here are three game modes on
campaign is like missions mode for
block your characters will have to
meet all the zones and has fulfilled
all zones of case 1 to 3
and the way you can also with the
another player to play with
player here you put in that word 2 and
may play with the other player
and to configure what they should give them centex
and here we can generate the keyboard
player 1 and here you can configure it with
what key and player 2
and the survival mode
here
and that is to survive
and yes
here it depends rotating every enemies
good friends that was all I hope you
have liked and hope you like this
game that has cost me too much
goodbye and do not forget to subscribe to
my channel goodbye